https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-30957 for 2.16 (#8705)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/insights_intro.adoc

[#using-rh-insights]
= Using observability with Red Hat Lightspeed

Red Hat Lightspeed is integrated with {acm-short} observability, and is enabled to help identify existing or potential problems in your clusters. Red Hat Lightspeed helps you to identify, prioritize, and resolve stability, performance, network, and security risks. {ocp} offers cluster health monitoring through Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Manager. Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Manager collects anonymized, aggregated information about the health, usage, and size of the clusters. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_lightspeed/1-latest[Red Hat Lightspeed product documentation].

When you create or import an OpenShift cluster, anonymized data from your managed cluster is automatically sent to Red Hat. This information is used to create insights, which provide cluster health information. {acm-short} administrator can use this health information to create alerts based on severity.

*Required access*: Cluster administrator

.Prerequisites

> * Ensure that Red Hat Lightspeed is enabled. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.19/html-single/support/index#insights-operator-new-pull-secret_opting-out-remote-health-reporting[Modifying the global cluster pull secret to disable remote health reporting].

Author: ```suggestion
* Ensure that Red Hat Lightspeed is enabled. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_lightspeed/1-latest/html-single/connecting_your_rhel_systems_through_the_red_hat_lightspeed_proxy/index#connecting-through-your-own-proxy[Connecting to Red Hat Lightspeed through your own proxy].
```

[#prerequisites-obs-insights]
== Prerequisites

* Ensure that Red Hat Lightspeed is enabled. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.19/html-single/support/index#insights-operator-new-pull-secret_opting-out-remote-health-reporting[Modifying the global cluster pull secret to disable remote health reporting].
* Install a supported version of {ocp-short}.
* Hub cluster user, who is registered to Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Manager, must be able to manage all the {acm-short} managed clusters in Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Manager.

[#managing-insights]
== Managing insight _PolicyReports_

{acm} `PolicyReports` are violations that are generated by the `insights-client`. The `PolicyReports` are used to define and configure alerts that are sent to incident management systems. When there is a violation, alerts from a `PolicyReport` are sent to incident management system.

> //is there a name to use for replacing `insights-client`?

Author: for observability team

Author: Received confirmation from @zlayne that insights-client should remain. Thank you!

+
*Note:* The `PolicyReport` name matches the name of the cluster. 

> . You can specify your query with the insight policy violation and categories. When you select a `PolicyReport` name, you are redirected to the _Details_ page of the associated cluster. The _Lightspeed_ sidebar is automatically displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
. You can specify your query with the insight policy violation and categories. When you select a `PolicyReport` name, you are redirected to the _Details_ page of the associated cluster. The _Insights_ sidebar is automatically displayed.
```

. Log in to your managed cluster. 
. Go to the _Overview_ page. 

> . From the _Powered by Lightspeed_ section, you can view the percentage of clusters with predicted risks, which are listed by severity.

Author: ```suggestion
. From the _Powered by Insights_ section, you can view the percentage of clusters with predicted risks, which are listed by severity.
```

. Log in to your managed cluster. 
. Go to the _Overview_ page. 

> . From the _Powered by Lightspeed_ section, you can view the percentage of clusters with predicted risks, which are listed by severity.

Author: is this accurate?
